the ceasefire ended at 8:00 in the
morning and in the minutes at hours
after that truce ended we've seen and
heard a number of explosions here in
Gaza uh our team has seen the plume of
white smoke of Palestinian Rockets being
fired from Gaza towards Israel and we've
also seen and heard a number of
incredibly loud explosions which
indicate that Israel as it says has
resumed its air strikes on Gaza as I
speak to you now I haven't heard reports
of casualties uh but very clearly there
will be a sense of fear among the
residents of Gaza just looking around
the streets I can see very very few
people uh out and about at the moment it
is of course the day of rest but I think
many people will have heard the fact
that the ceasefire is over and they will
not be confident enough to go out into
the street and to resume their normal
lives Hamas says it's not yet got
anything from those indirect
negotiations uh in Cairo it wants an end
to Israeli restrictions an ability to
use the ports of Gaza an ability uh to
get people to come and go from the
borders but Israel says that its
priorities are very different it wants
Hamas and other groups including Islamic
Jihad to disarm for good and so there is
clear gap between those sides the
Israeli side and the Palestinian side
and once again the people of Gaza find
themselves listening to and experiencing
explosions